OSDOCS#9216:Corrected typo in first step of creating ROSA cluster with Terraform procedure (#69820)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/rosa-sts-cluster-terraform.adoc

The following Terraform cluster example shows how to create your account-wide IAM roles and a ROSA cluster with a managed OIDC configuration.

.Procedure

> . Optional: Because the Terraform files are created in your current directory during this procedure, you can create a new directory to store these files.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Optional: Because the Terraform files get created in your current directory during this procedure, you can create a new directory to store these files and navigate into it by running the following command:
```

Author: Thanks @Srivaralakshmi!

> .. To create and navigate into a new directory, run the following command:

Reviewer: @AedinC Suggest deleting this step as we have clubbed it in a single step.
